Add note about PKS installation (#6549)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/integrations/pivotal_platform.md

* [Datadog Cluster Monitoring for Pivotal Platform][1]
* [Datadog Application Monitoring for Pivotal Platform][2]

## PKS

> PKS environments can utilize our [Cluster Monitoring Tile][1] and the the [pivotal_pks][27] integration together to montior your cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PKS environments can utilize Datadog [Cluster Monitoring tile][1] and the the [pivotal_pks][27] integration together to monitor your cluster.
```

Author: Thanks, I added ^ 🙇
